This package was debianized by KELEMEN Peter <fuji@debian.org> on
Wed,  8 Jun 2005 14:39:56 +0200.

It was downloaded from http://www.exiv2.org

Upstream Author:

    Andreas HUGGEL <ahuggel@gmx.net>

Copyright:

    (C) 2004-2008 Andreas Huggel <ahuggel@gmx.net>

Copyright for MD5 algorithm tcode:

    (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc.

Copyright for XMP sdk:

    (C) 2005-2007 Adobe Systems Incorporated

exiv2 license:

   Exiv2 is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
   the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
   Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
   option) any later version.

   Alternatively, Exiv2 is also available with a commercial license,
   which allows it to be used in closed-source projects. Contact me for
   more information.

   Exiv2 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
   ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
   FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License
   for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, 5th Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

MD5 algorithm license:

    MD5C.C - RSA Data Security, Inc., MD5 message-digest algorithm

    Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991. All rights
    reserved.

    License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is
    identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in
    all material mentioning or referencing this software or this function.

    License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such
    works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5
    Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the
    derived work.

    RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the
    merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for
    any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied
    warranty of any kind.

    These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this
    documentation and/or software.

XMP sdk license:

    NOTICE: Adobe permits you to use, modify, and distribute this file in
    accordance with the terms of the Adobe license agreement accompanying it.

ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED

OPEN SOURCE LICENSE

NOTICE TO USER:  Adobe Systems Incorporated is providing the Software and 
Documentation for use under the terms of this Agreement.  Any use, reproduction, 
modification or distribution of the Software or Documentation, or any 
derivatives or portions thereof, constitutes your acceptance of this Agreement.

As used in this Agreement, "Adobe" means Adobe Systems Incorporated.  "Software" 
means the software code accompanying this Agreement.   "Documentation" means the 
documents, specifications and all other items accompanying this Agreement other 
than the Software.   

1.  LICENSE GRANT
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Adobe hereby grants you 
a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty free license to use, reproduce, prepare 
derivative works from, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and 
sublicense the Software for any purpose, provided the copyright notice below 
appears in a conspicuous location within the source code of the distributed 
Software and this license is distributed in the supporting documentation of the 
Software you distribute.

Copyright (date here) Adobe Systems Incorporated and others.  All rights 
reserved.  The original version of this source code may be found at 
http://adobe.com.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Adobe hereby grants you a non-exclusive, 
worldwide, royalty free license to use, reproduce, publicly display, publicly 
perform, distribute and sublicense the Documentation  for any purpose.  You may 
not modify the Documentation.

No title to the intellectual property in the Software or Documentation is 
transferred to you under the terms of this Agreement.  You do not acquire any 
rights to the Software or the Documentation except as expressly set forth in 
this Agreement.

If you choose to distribute the Software in a commercial product, you do so with 
the understanding that you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Adobe 
against any losses, damages and costs arising from the claims, lawsuits or other 
legal actions arising out of such distribution.  You may distribute the Software 
in object code form under your own license, provided that your license 
agreement:

(a) 	complies with the terms and conditions of this license agreement; 

(b) 	effectively disclaims all warranties and conditions, express or implied, 
on behalf of Adobe;

(c) 	effectively excludes all liability for damages on behalf of Adobe;

(d) 	states that any provisions that differ from this Agreement are offered by 
you alone and not Adobe; and

(e) 	states that the Software is available from you or Adobe and informs 
licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium 
customarily used for software exchange.  

2.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
ADOBE LICENSES THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION TO YOU ONLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  ADOBE MAKES 
NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE.  Each user of 
the Software or Documentation is solely responsible for determining the 
appropriateness of using and distributing the Software and Documentation and 
assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, 
including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance 
with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs, or equipment, and 
unavailability or interruption of operations.  Use of the Software and 
Documentation is made with the understanding that Adobe will not provide you 
with any technical or customer support or maintenance.  Some states or 
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on 
how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to 
you.  To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety 
(90) days.


3.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  IN NO EVENT 
WILL ADOBE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST 
SAVINGS, COSTS, FEES, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF ANY PROVISION OF 
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION, 
HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE), EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  ADOBE'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS 
SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE 
AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION. 

4.  TRADEMARK USAGE
Adobe and XMP are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Adobe Systems 
Incorporated in the United States and other countries.  Such trademarks may not 
be used to endorse or promote any product unless expressly permitted under 
separate agreement with Adobe.  

5.  TERM
Your rights under this Agreement shall terminate if you fail to comply with any 
of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and do not cure such 
failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such 
noncompliance.  If all your rights under this Agreement terminate, you agree to 
cease use and distribution of the Software and Documentation as soon as 
reasonably practicable. 

6. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. This Agreement is governed by the statutes 
and laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of law 
principles thereof.  If any part of this Agreement is found void and 
unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, 
which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.  Any dispute 
arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be brought in the courts of 
Santa Clara County, California, USA. 

7.  GENERAL
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement, understand it, and that it is 
the complete and exclusive statement of your agreement with Adobe which 
supersedes any prior agreement, oral or written, between Adobe and you with 
respect to the licensing to you of the Software and Documentation. No variation 
of the terms of this Agreement will be enforceable against Adobe unless Adobe 
gives its express consent in writing signed by an authorized signatory of Adobe.

